+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = "2016-04-20T00:00:00"

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 5

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Cosmology",
    "Large-Scale Structure of the Universe",
    "Primordial Non-Gaussianity",
    "Cosmological Data"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).

[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in Cosmology (expected)"
  institution = "ICG, University of Portsmouth"
  year = 2022

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MASt in Applied Mathematics"
  institution = "DAMTP, University of Cambridge"
  year = 2018

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc (Hons) in Physics"
  institution = "Aristotle University of Thessaloniki"
  year = 2017
 
+++

# About Me

I'm a PhD student at the Institute of Cosmology & Gravitation (ICG) at the University of Portsmouth studying the Large-Scale Structure of the Universe. In particular, I'm using data from galaxy surveys to investigate the exact nature of the primordial density perturbations that were generated by Ιnflation at the very early Universe. From these fluctuations in the primordial universe plasma forged the galaxies we observe today.

Prior to that I was a postgraduate student in Theoretical Physics at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP) at the University of Cambridge, where I read the Part III of the Mathematical Tripos. As an undergraduate student I studied Physics at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki in Greece. See my [Full CV!](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1b8v6zA7d6XNWLu80PHyx23FNPx56JCWK)
